# IUB-Student-Enrollment-Analysis-System
This is a full stacked web app build for anlysing the enrollment data of IUB students.


## DEMO of the system

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84903691/216838608-9558dbd3-4f5f-480d-8c15-78a2b11b10f0.mp4


## Technologies used
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript
* Bootstrap
* Material Design for Bootstrap
* PHP
* MYSQL

## Functionalities of the system
The following eight analyses can be requested and viewed by the users using the system:
1. Classroom requirement summary based on class size, total slots per day, and
course sections offered:
For a given range of class size (class size = number of students enrolled in a
section), a given number of courses offered (counted in terms of sections) in a
semester, how many classrooms would be needed if each day’s schedule was
divided into six slots? Seven slots?
Generate pie-charts showing percentage distribution of the class rooms per class
size range.
2. Comparison of number sections offered across schools for a selection of class
sizes w.r.t each other as well as the total number of sections throughout the
entire university in a given semester.
3. Resource usage summary from a comparison of average enrollment per course
and average capacity per room.
4. Available resources summary based on capacity of all the different categories of
rooms in the university and the number of such rooms with a given capacity to
hold a number of students.
5. Comparative analysis of number of classrooms available per classroom size (i.e.
capacity to hold a number of students) and number of rooms that are actually
required.
6. Breakdown of the number of courses (sections) offered in each school w.r.t.
number of students enrolled in them, starting from 1 and going up to the largest
number of students enrolled, with an increment of 1.
7. Comparative analysis of the revenue generated by each school each semester as
well as the percentage change in the overall total revenue of the university each
semester.
8. Comparative analysis of the revenue generated by each department in SETS, also
w.r.t. that of the school each semester and the percentage change in the revenues
of each department as well as the overall total revenue of the school.

